Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
You're listening to KTPW.
That was "Jonestown" from Circus Patrol.
a band we haven't heard from
since the big crash and burn.
Of course. fans have been
holding out for a reunion.
but there's a better chance
of a snow day in hell
than those two ever sharing a stage again.
But as Lao Tzu said.
the candle that burns twice
as hot. burns twice as fast.
And damn they were hot.
All right. enough pining for the past.
Let's get back to another
rock block. right after this.
Playing only
the best music in the world.
This is your number one radio station.
This is Miles.
If you're not a robot. leave a message.
- Wake up. sleepy head.
It's your long lost producer. Jerry.
Now. I don't know what dark cave
you've been hibernating in
for the past five years.
but if you think your pale flesh
could stand a bit of
sunlight. then listen up.
I just got a call from some mystery man
wants us to lay down some tracks
for a movie soundtrack in our old studio.
Some kind of cheesy romance
flick. but it's decent money.
And something tells me
that you could use a little
coin right about now.
Yeah. yeah. I know.
soundtracks are for sellouts.
But before you get all
up on your high horse.
check this out.
If you do this and you do it good.
there might be a solo
record deal in it for you.
This could be your way back. brother.
2:00 p.m. Don't be late.
Oh. and one more thing.
He said he'd drop off some
instructions at your pad.
He said it's muy importante
that you follow them to a T.
See you soon. rock star.
- Good day sunshine. mi amigos.
- Holy shit!
Jerry.
- Jerry! What's up man?
- Hey babies. Sorry I'm late.
I got deep into some
Barry White last night.
Totally out of body.
So you're probably all
wondering what's going on.
- Well. yeah.
- Join the club. I don't
know much about it either.
Supposedly some other band
was on the gig. but they quit.
Walked out. never came back.
Can you believe that?
- Walked out? What happened. man?
- No idea. But here's where it gets weird.
Nobody's heard from them since.
Vanished into thin air.
Anyway. this mystery man. whoever he is.
wants us to finish the thing.
No idea why. but screw it.
it's a paycheck. right?
- So. alright. let's.
Better
than the other way around.
- I guess we got some work to do.
Yeah.
- Sorry. This morning's been
so crazy. I almost forgot.
Just a heads up. There's
gonna be one more joining us.
- Who?
- They didn't tell you?
Sorry. brother. They should have told you.
- Sweetie. Sweetie. No.
no. no. no. no. no. no.
You cannot have Cap'n Crunch for dinner.
Please eat whatever Lenora
makes for you. okay. honey?
All right. I miss you. I love you.
Hi. Hi. Hi. Hi.
How are you?
- I'm good. Oh my God.
it's so good to see you.
You look amazing.
- Thank you.
- Oh my God. Hi. how are you?
- I'm good. And you?
- I'm good. I'm good.
Crazy. My daughter's driving me nuts. Hi.
- How you doing?
- It's good to see you. What's up? What?
Well shit. the fuck are you doing here?
- What am I doing here?
What are you doing here?
Fucking slumming it?
- Jerry? Jerry?
There was no mention of him being here.
- Hey. I'm right here.
If you wanna say something.
say it to my face.
Oh. Unless. can you still not talk to me
without your lawyer present?
- Fuck this. I'm out.
Sorry. guys. Sorry. Jerry.
I'm not doing this. Goodbye.
- Yeah. walk away.
You got pretty good at that. didn't you?
- Listen up. lovebirds. Here's the news.
We all signed a contract.
so unless we want the studio's lawyers
taking a big old legal dump on our heads.
nobody's going anywhere
until this soundtrack
is in the can. capish?
So let's just take three
deep ones. drop the egos.
and we'll get this done in record time.
Sound doable?
- I'm good if she is.
- Fine. whatever. Let's
just get it over with.
Are we ready to rock?
Sorry. I guess this
board's a little rusty.
All right. I'm gonna give
you the high speed treatment
so we can get rolling.
Okay. Struggling artist JB
and his girlfriend Ella
meet five years ago.
JB is destined for greatness.
Promises the girl the moon.
but flash forward and
things aren't so rosy.
JB's big career never
gets out of first gear.
Homegirl is ready to move on
if artist boy doesn't get a real job.
blah. blah. blah. blah.
All right. All right.
Here's where we come in.
It's the morning of their
five year anniversary.
JB wakes up hungover. as usual.
- Sounds familiar.
Pops into a liquor
store on his way to his studio
for a bottle of Pinot
for their special night.
Gets a case of sculptor's block.
But wait. he gets a phone
call from his agent.
offering him a show in New York City.
It's the big dilemma.
Does he stay in LA
or does he run off to chase
his dreams in the Big Apple?
- Very familiar.
As expected. they
get into a huge argument.
JB walks the streets in a drunken stupor.
comes to his senses. races back to Ella.
and proposes to her on the rooftop.
Finir. the end. drinks
on me. Easy peasy. right?
Spirit in the sky. please
get us through this session in one piece.
Amen.
And we are rolling in three. two. one.
10 seconds.
- Jerry. hold up.
Wasn't he supposed to
go into the liquor store
and get the wine?
- Yeah. I'm not sure what's going on.
We must have skipped over it somehow.
I'm sure it's fine.
Let's just keep on trucking.
- The fuck was that?
- Maybe somebody's doing construction.
Can we just continue
please? Jerry. roll film.
- Rolling.
You have two new messages.
Hey. don't forget
to follow up with Aaron Brothers.
Tara went out of our way
to get you that interview.
And don't forget the wine.
Hey buddy. it's your agent.
You need to get on the
plane to NYC immediately.
I have a friend. he has a gallery
and he just lost his artist.
I don't know what happened.
He broke his leg or his fingers.
So listen. find a Red-Eye.
Get to NYC. This is your shot.
This is your show. Oh God.
- This is it. This is it.
We're talking New York City. baby.
This is the big time.
This is what we've been
waiting for. for five years.
- I'm assuming they didn't
pay for your plane ticket.
That's not the point.
Right.
- Just once. Is it too
much to ask just once
to have just ounce of faith?
- An ounce? You're joking. right?
- I thought. I thought we
were gonna go the distance.
You said. I'm ready to go the distance.
I'll go the distance with
you. That's what you said.
- Please. Not that again.
I've gone the distance five years.
That was our deal.
And then we were gonna get married
and we were gonna have kids.
I have dreams too. you know?
- If I get a dead end job now
everything I've done my
entire life is nothing.
Might as well have just been a dream.
- Honey. there's nothing
wrong with dreaming.
but at some point we've
gotta face reality.
- All right. what reality is that?
- Not everybody strikes gold.
- That. that's good. Mm-hmm. That is rich.
This is coming from. "I just
wanna be happy and be a mommy."
- We allow leading man come to his senses.
race back to the love of his life.
and propose to her against
the smog-laced L.A. sunset.
Stay tuned. And we're onto "Scavenger."
On my mark. Three. two. hit me.
- You just gonna sit there?
- Let me know if you need anything.
- Okay.
Hi.
- Are you. are you really recording?
Yes.
Okay. What's this about?
Where do you see
yourself in five years?
It's about to get real here.
- Five years?
Five years.
- Five years. Being successful.
Being. being a highly
paid. in-demand artist.
Mm-hmm. That
seems simple enough. yeah?
- It seems simple.
- But no. no. I mean. I'm
embracing the challenge.
And I'm gonna. I'm
gonna enjoy the journey.
Yeah.
- Okay. Barbara Walters.
What? No.
- You. yeah. you step into the spotlight.
- Okay.
- Where do you see yourself in five years?
- In five years. okay. In
five years I see myself
happy. and I see myself
being a devoted wife.
and a good mother. and
telling people I love them
before it's too late. and
watching American Idol religiously
and eating popcorn.
Butter and salt?
- And cayenne. A lot of cayenne.
That's it. you had me at Idol.
- Wait. what just happened?
Why is he in a taxi?
- The bigger question is
why does he have a plane
ticket to New York in his hand?
- Well. the plot thickens.
- All right. what the fuck is going on?
- Greener pastures. baby. Can't blame him.
- Jerry. did you skip
over anything earlier?
- Negative. Scrubbed straight through.
I don't remember any of this.
- Me either. Could. could
the file be corrupted?
- That's a possibility.
- All right. well. can you
do me a favor and forward it?
There's. this is a chick flick.
There's no way that it ends like this.
What the fuck is this?
Jerry. can you forward it to the end?
- Sorry. Charlie. I can't.
- What do you mean you can't?
- I mean. the movie won't forward.
Something must be wrong
with the hard drive.
- Unfuckingbelievable.
Jesus. what kind of ending is this?
- Calm down.
- Don't tell me to calm
down. This is bullshit.
- So the endings different? So what?
What do you care?
Oh. wait a minute.
You actually want this guy
to go back to his girlfriend. don't you?
- It wasn't supposed to
end this way. That's all.
- Maybe the schmaltzy
ending didn't test well.
Maybe they didn't like the
girlfriend's downer attitude.
You know. maybe she's been trying
to sabotage his success all along.
Oh. wait a minute. That's right.
Nobody could possibly be
that selfish. could they?
- Jerry. can you just try again?
- Sorry. senor. It ain't budging.
- You guys remember that
episode of The Twilight?
- Houston. we have a problem.
That was the studio.
It appears that everything's gone offline.
- What do you mean offline?
- All the media for the movie
is gone. vanished. poof.
Like it never existed.
I don't know what this is.
but it isn't the movie.
- I can't. I'm not. I'm
not doing this anymore.
Fucking shit.
- What are you doing?
- Is there anything you touch
that doesn't turn to shit?
- So you're just gonna leave?
- I got better things to do with my time.
Bid you adieu.
Why is this door locked?
Who locked the door?
- I think you just gotta kick it.
- Maybe it's locked from the other side.
- Who would do that?
- All right. this is
starting to freak me out.
I'm gonna call my agent.
- Your agent? How about
a fucking locksmith?
- I'm not getting any recep-
Do you guys have any bars?
- I got nothing.
- Me neither.
- This is bullshit.
- Oh. I'm so sorry you can't
just slither away from this.
- Fuck you.
Shit.
Ridiculous.
- Holy shit.
That's not weird.
- I would like you to meet one
of my most handsome artists.
- It's nothing personal.
- Everything in this business
is personal. you idiot.
- It's showtime.
- Hang on a second. I mean. I
just wanna get this straight.
You think our music changed
the ending of the movie?
God. you are crazier than I thought.
- You think that's crazy?
I think we can change it back.
- Change it back to what?
- To the original ending.
- Did you just get stoned?
How the hell we gonna do that?
- We gotta play that.
- Uh-uh.
- Side one. Track one. a little
song called "Snapdragons."
- What was I thinking?
What was I thinking agreeing to this gig?
- Let's play it. just
once for old times sake.
I dare you.
- A little nostalgic blast from the past.
I can dig it.
Buckle up. pop star.
It's time to get real again.
- Anyway. so he says. I don't
even know. I didn't touch it.
I don't even know where Liberia is.
Oh. here he is.
Georgia Klein. I would like you to meet
one of my most handsome artists.
Jonathan Christian Beck.
- It's Johnny. But you can call me JB.
It's a pleasure to meet you.
- 10 Seconds.
- Delighted. So glad you could make it.
Klaus tells me that
you had some good press
on your last show.
Oh. modesty. What a lovely
surprise you brought me. Klaus.
- Oh. isn't he adorable?
- Oh. that's tonight?
Fabulous.
JB?
- Could you excuse me?
Okay. This is not happening. this is not.
Come on. you got this.
- Let me help you with that.
- Oh. no. you don't have to.
Did you get a flat?
- Huh? What? Oh. no. no.
I collect junk and gather it to. to.
to make profound pieces of beauty.
- Oh. so you're an artist.
- Yeah.
- I don't. I don't think I've
ever actually met an artist.
- Well. now I'm at your service.
So how about I fix this?
- This? You're gonna fix this?
- Okay. I guarantee you
it won't look the same.
but I promise you it will
be something interesting.
If you don't like it. we'll
drop it off a rooftop.
- You have access to a rooftop?
- Yeah. Several.
- Deal. Sure. Why not?
- Deal. Okay.
What the fuck?
- JB. JB. stop. Stop. Listen. stop.
Now. I know this is all a bit new to you
and it may feel a bit strange.
but I need you to listen closely
because I'm only going
to say this once. okay?
Now. when Georgia Klein
invites you to a party
or to a brunch or to her
grandmother's funeral.
I want you to say yes. Okay?
Stay it with me. Yes. Say it.
- Yes.
Good. Now you go get some sleep
and I will see you bright and early.
- Beautiful take. kids.
Good to hear that song
after all these years.
All right. moving on to track two.
"Beautiful Junk."
- Hi.
You really didn't have to do this.
- Well. let's save the gratitude
until you actually see it.
- Uh-oh. Is it bad?
It's subjective.
Come in.
- Okay.
- Okay. Close your eyes.
Okay. this way. And wallah.
Should we head the rooftop?
- Oh. I think it's awesome.
A bit disturbing. but awesome.
- Great. That'll be $500.
- Oh yeah. Yeah.
Wow.
This is amazing.
That's really cool.
Whoa. what is this?
- Oh. this is optical art.
It's perspectable anamorphosis.
- English. please.
- It means you can only
see what the image is when
okay. follow me one more time.
Okay.
When you see it
from the right perspective.
- Oh my gosh. It's a whale.
- What? It's supposed to be a dolphin.
I'll settle for whale.
- Okay.
You are really talented. Seriously.
Not everybody just has a
gift like this. I mean. what
what are you gonna do with all of this?
- I wanna give people the opportunity
to see things differently.
What most people consider
junk and just throw it away
that from the right
perspective. it can be.
it can be beautiful.
- God. I forgot how
beautiful this song is.
- Hang on. Was that a smile?
- Maybe. a little one.
Don't get used to it.
- Real nice. Real nice.
I think Tinseltown refers to that
as a classic Hollywood flashback.
A few more jokes like that.
And movie hero will be back in
his lover's arms in no time.
This might be easier than we thought.
"Let Your Hair Down" is next.
Yabba Dabba Doo.
- Hello?
Oh my God.
Did you hear what I just said?
- Sorry. Sorry. what?
Wake up. Johnny.
Georgia wants to see you tonight.
So take a bath. have a Xanax.
whatever you need to do.
Annex Gallery. 10:00.
Okay? Can you make that?
- Yeah. Yeah. I got it.
Good. Okay.
Did you. did you. did
you get her those photos?
- Yes.
Okay. good. I
I. I'll see you tonight.
Wear something nice.
- It can get overwhelming. can't it?
- Oh no. I'm. I'm cool.
I'm just a bit distracted. so.
Does this
distraction have a name?
- Wow. you are good.
Yeah. it does. but I really
don't want to get into it.
I've moved on.
Good for you.
To the City of Dreams.
- City of Dreams.
- This is me.
Thanks for the noodles.
- Thank you for the ice cream.
The orange sherbet and chocolate. was a
it was a very interesting combination.
- It was very brave of you to try it
without asking for a sample.
Yeah. well that's
what do. I live on the edge.
- I had a really nice time.
- Yeah. me too.
- Do you know we've been
together for 30 days now?
Do you know what that means?
- No refunds. no exchanges.
- Here's to our future.
- No matter how grand or unimpressive.
- What if he doesn't go back?
He will.
And if he doesn't?
Then we keep playing.
All of it?
- As much as it takes.
- What happened?
- What is it? Is it junk? Is it pills?
Just. just tell me. Just let me help you.
- She wanted to be a ballet dancer.
- What are you talking about?
- But not everybody strikes gold.
- God. how did I not see this coming?
Look at me. Johnny.
listen. Listen to me. Okay?
Just look around you. look where you are.
You miss Ella? Let me tell you something
she made her choice and so did you.
And if she loved you. she would be here.
You have 48 hours. Okay?
Let me assure you.
There are 50 other artists
that could take your place in an instant.
You're not special.
But she picked you. Okay?
So buck up.
Now I'm going back in
to clean up your mess.
- Yeah?
How we looking?
- We're looking good. Back on track.
Wonderful.
- Yeah. Look. hey. I wanna
apologize about last night.
I let her back into my head.
But look. everything's good.
Ah. see. that
is the Johnny boy I know.
I've got to run. I will see in a few.
- This is gonna take all night.
Well. rock stars.
It appears we better put
on a strong pot of joe.
- I got bars.
- Yeah. me too.
- I gotta take this.
Yeah. No.
No. he doesn't know.
Okay. bye.
Who was that?
- No one.
- Can I talk to you for a second?
- What?
- There's something
going on with this movie.
- You're just figuring that out?
- I mean. I keep getting
this weird feeling
while I'm watching it.
- Like what?
It's like deja vu or something.
- Well. obviously. Miles.
we haven't played these songs in years.
- No. it's these flashbacks
that JB's having.
They're like scenes from our past.
All right. it's a
little bit of a coincidence.
- It's not a coincidence.
- Okay.
- Don't you think it's a bit weird
that Ella had braids in her hair?
- Why is that weird?
How? Seriously?
Our songs are somehow
creating these memories.
But like as some kind
of trippy dream version.
- Trippy dream version?
- Come on. don't tell me that
you didn't feel any of this.
- I don't know what you want me to say.
You can't admit it.
- Admit what?
- That these songs mean something to you.
- Really?
If you don't mind. I'd
like to get back to work.
We're under contract.
- Whatever you say.
- Hey Jerry. where is everyone?
- Taking a smoke break.
- Perfect.
- What the fuck is this?
What the fuck are you doing?
- Oh shit.
- What are you doing?
- Same thing you're doing. that's what.
- It was you all along. Why?
- Boy. that's my Miles. huh?
So self-absorbed. He only
sees what he wants to see.
You think you're the only
one who got one of these?
- Unbelievable.
What could that guy have
possibly offered you
that you don't already have?
- I have my reasons. okay? Same as you.
- They must be pretty damn good reasons
for you to fucking cheat.
- Please don't pull this Mr.
Integrity bullshit right now.
- Whatever.
- Well. where do we go from here?
There's only one way I see.
What's that?
We let our movie hero decide.
but we stick to the album
this time. all right?
- Fine.
- Whatever happens. happens.
- I mean. JB. people work.
People go out and get
jobs. It's not unusual.
I mean. they don't hang
onto some ridiculous fantasy
that a windfall of cash is
gonna fall out of the sky.
- A ridiculous fantasy?
That's what this is now?
A ridiculous fantasy?
- You know what I mean.
- No. I don't know what you mean.
So why do you enlighten me. Nietzsche?
- I mean that maybe you need
to face the very real possibility
that you're never gonna
have a flat in Soho
or Paris or wear turtlenecks
or have a fucking entourage
that follows you around.
That's what I mean.
I mean that maybe you need
to think about the fact
that you might be a
regular person just like me
and everybody else around you.
And you might have to get a regular job.
That's what I mean.
And I also mean that maybe
you should have taken
some of those commissions
that were offered to you that
for some godforsaken reason
you thought were way too below you.
- I didn't take those commissions
because the shit they wanted
wasn't what I wanted to do.
And I'm not gonna spend
my life doing shit I hate.
I'd rather starve.
- Do you hear yourself?
There's things that I want.
Have you ever thought about that?
- You're free.
You're not chained down.
You're not my slave.
If you want something. you go get it.
- You're never gonna change. are you?
- Not into whatever it is you want me to.
- All right kiddos.
We've arrived at the
last song on side one.
"I Had a Dream" in three. two. one.
I talked to Ken
about picking up some weekend shifts.
Just a few extra hours.
- You don't have to.
- I want to.
I want. I want this to work.
I believe in you.
In us.
- I promise you. it will
all be worth it one day.
- Hey.
Klaus called. I didn't get the show.
Too many artists or not enough galleries.
I don't know.
It's so pathetic.
- Maybe there's a reason that
you're not some big success story yet.
- If the Big Man wanted
me to work at Chevron.
He wouldn't have given me this talent.
- I'm not saying give
up. I'm just saying that
maybe you could start looking at it
from a little bit of a
different perspective.
- Like what?
- Maybe a way to use your
gift for a real purpose.
You're chasing the elusive
carrot. sweetheart.
If or when you catch it.
you might realize it
was never worth chasing.
- Fuck! Fuck!
Hello?
Is there somebody here?
Look. who are you? What
do you want from me?
Why are you doing this?
Just leave me the fuck alone.
Oh. Hello. How are you?
I know who you are.
That's right.
And you know what?
Fuck you.
You're not real.
None of you are real.
Every single one of you are
figments of my imagination.
This is all just a bad dream.
Okay. be cool. Be cool.
JB. Everything is cool.
It's just your good stress talking. okay?
Jerry?
They told me this might happen.
What might happen?
- That you'd figure it out.
Figure what out?
- That. that this isn't a movie.
- What is it then?
- It's reality.
- If that's reality.
where the fuck are we?
Welcome to the
machine. Lizard King.
- What's going on?
- You might wanna sit down.
- Just say it.
- It's better if you sit down.
- God damnit Jerry. just
tell us where we are.
- Short answer. We're
inside that guy's head.
- Is there somebody here?
- It's like deja vu or something.
- You think you're the only
one who got one of these?
- I just got a call from some mystery man.
- Come on. this is a joke. right?
- You seem disappointed.
Oh. come on now.
Don't tell me you haven't
suspected this all along.
In fact. you've known it
ever since you can remember.
Something was always a little off.
A memory here. a dream there.
The voices inside your head.
There's only one answer.
We're all a part of him.
The way I see it. you can kick and scream
or you can accept the situation
and find some meaning in it.
You always said you wanted
your music to matter.
to change people's lives.
Well. here's your chance.
There. it's out there.
Cards are on the table.
Now can we get back to recording?
We're running out of time.
- What happened to the other band?
- They couldn't hack it.
Couldn't get it done.
So poof. they disappeared.
That's how it works.
Couldn't get what done?
- We're deciding his future.
- One of you is. and the other
is going bye-bye permanently.
Now you know the stakes.
So without further ado.
we better step on it.
We only have until morning.
- Fuck it.
What are you doing?
- What does it look like I'm
doing? It's time for side two.
- Seriously. you found out
our entire existence is a sham
and you're interested
in winning the contest?
Amazing.
- Okay. First off. have you
seen my entire existence?
Finding out that I live
inside some sculptor's head
is a breath of fucking
fresh air. Believe me.
And second. oh yeah. I'm
gonna win this contest.
So strap on. pop star. and let's
do what we came here to do.
I mean. unless you wanna back out now.
- Not a chance. Sling Blade.
You're on. Jerry. that thing on?
- Locked and loaded. babe.
Let's do this.
- Buckle up. kid. You're
in for a wild night.
- The pipe under the kitchen
sink is leaking again.
- Yeah? Why don't you call a plumber?
- We can't afford a fricking plumber.
Why don't you just get off your lazy ass
and do something about it?
- You're here all day. Why
don't you read a fucking manual?
Figure it out yourself. I'm not moving.
- Because I do enough
around this stupid house.
I mean. what do you think I'm doing?
I'm not just like
sitting down watching TV.
I don't remember the last time I did that.
- Oh my God. Oh my God. Your voice.
- You're such a child. I can't.
- I think it's. I think
it's quite possibly
the worst sound in the entire world.
Shut up.
- That's what I'm trying
to get you to do. Shut up.
Fuck that song.
- Why? Because it's true?
- Oh. if getting knocked
up by some asshole
so you can get a recording contract
is your version of the truth.
then you are welcome to it.
- You wouldn't have the first fucking idea
what it is to be a
responsible parent. Miles.
I can't imagine what a train wreck
bringing a child into this
world with you would be.
- If I had a kid. I'd
actually spent time with her
instead of pawning her
off on some fucking nanny
for 60 hours a week.
- Yeah. And she'd get the pleasure
of watching you pass out in
your own vomit every night.
Right.
- Yeah. you'd make an
award-winning parent. Miles.
- Oh. and you're the fucking
soccer mom of the year.
I'm sure.
- She knows I love the shit out of her.
And I do everything to provide for her.
And so does Adam. by the way.
- Fuck that guy. Does he
ever turn it off? Ever?
- Oh my God. Jealous much?
- Of that guy. Get the fuck out of here.
- You brought this all on yourself.
Why can't you just admit
it? You're a drunk.
You're a wash up. You're a
tired rock and roll shithead.
Who would rather wallow him self pity
than just admit he was wrong?
You made your bed. You
can fucking lie in it.
- She's your kid.
- What?
- Addison.
She's not Adam's. she's yours.
I knew it right away.
But the thought of our relationship
destroying some innocent kids'
life. it just was too much.
So I lied.
I lied. That's why I came.
They threatened to tell you everything.
There was no way I was
gonna let that happen. so.
This is JB. I can't take your call.
Just slaving away on my next masterpiece.
Leave a message.
It's me. I've
tried you a few times
but you haven't picked up.
I hope you're doing okay.
I hope New York is all
you dreamed it would be.
I want you to be happy. I really do.
I always have. but there's
there's something you should know.
I'm pregnant.
I don't expect you to come back.
I don't expect anything.
I just thought you would want to know.
For more options. press four.
To cancel. press star.
Message deleted.
- Oh. come on. Hang in there. Miles.
- What? Tell me.
- I just wanna remember this moment.
This moment for the rest of my life.
- Now we're talking.
Last song on the album. kiddos.
You got one more left in you?
- What are you doing?
- It's over. You know the truth now.
There's no point in continuing.
They deserve to be together.
- Fuck this guy. He does not deserve her.
- All right. maybe not.
But his future kid deserves to know him.
And you deserve whatever
you were promised.
So you won. Congratulations.
- Look. I was wrong. okay?
Let's let the guy have his success.
He's worked hard for it. He
shouldn't have to throw it away.
It's what he wants.
- No. it isn't.
He went to New York because he was scared
because he thought if he
didn't. he'd always regret it
and he would blame her
for making him choose.
But deep down. he's always known.
The best art he ever did
was when he was with her.
You won. okay? See it through.
- That's just not gonna happen.
- What's it gonna be. you two?
We don't have all night.
- Why does he have to choose?
- Shit. She's right.
- That a girl. Almost there.
- What do you mean?
- Why can't he have both?
- 'Cause life doesn't work that way.
- Says who?
- Rock and roll. sister.
- All right. Jerry. how much time we got?
- Until the rooster crows. rockstar?
Play it like you mean it.
- Always. Count us down. Moony.
- My pleasure.
Time's up. The
moment of truth has arrived.
- Son of a bitch.
- Sorry. Charlie. It was a valiant effort.
But you know how it goes.
Sometimes you rock. sometimes you roll.
- It's my fault.
- It's nobody's fault.
It was his decision to
make. and who knows?
Maybe this is the right one.
- Well. I guess it's time
to put the chairs back on the tables.
It was nice working with you again.
Until the next time.
Yes.
Okay. Ciao.
Okay. that was Walter Sinclair
who owns a tower on 50th
or wherever. among others.
And whose wife loves
young attractive artists
and who loves to shop. Oh my Lord.
If she were only to buy one.
- Stop the car.
Stop the car now. I want to get out.
What. what. what are you doing?
- Look. I don't belong here.
- It's okay. It's okay. We're fine.
Could you pull
the damn car over now?
- Can you calm down?
- I am.
I've never been more calm my entire life.
I know exactly. exactly
what it is that I want.
- Can you please not do this to me?
Do you know how much this limo cost?
Okay. fine.
You know. that. that's fine.
Be the reclusive hermit.
It's okay. I can sell it.
I'll call you later.
- It's over. Klaus.
Tell Georgia goodbye.
- I'll call you later.
Everything's going to be beautiful.
- Goodbye. Klaus.
- What do we do?
- I don't know. Jerry. what do we do?
Hmm. That's a tough one.
I'm kidding. Play something.
- I don't know what to play.
- Hey. let's play that last
song we ever wrote together.
The one we never finished.
- Perfect.
Let's go. gang. Make it snappy.
- Taxi!
- All right. Jerry. let's go. Roll tape.
- Roger that.
Ground control to Wayward Son.
Prepare for reentry.
- I knew you would come back.
I don't know how. but I. I knew.
- Look. I don't have all the answers.
I don't know what my purpose is.
All I know is that I had to come back.
That whatever meaning there
is to be found in this life
I want to find it with you.
No matter how
grand or unimpressive?
- No matter how grand or unimpressive.
And is should've done
this a long time ago.
Will you make my life better?
- Yeah. You bet I will.
- Beautiful work. bothers and sisters.
I knew you had it in you.
I'd love to stay and celebrate.
But I got a date with a
bottle of Johnnie Walker
and Marvin Gaye's "Let's Get It On.
So I'll be catching you on the flip side.
Stay cool now.
- Miles?
- Yeah.
Can you do me a favor?
- What's that?
- Pinch me?
Ow. thank you.
- You gonna be okay?
- Yeah. You?
- You know me. Certified
rock and roll survivor.
- You gonna tell anyone about this?
- No. not a soul.
- No. me neither.
I would. I'd like you to spend
some. some time with her.
I mean. if you. if you want to.
- Are you sure?
- Yeah. I mean. it would have to be slow
right at first. just 'cause I think
it would be a lot for her to take in.
But. you know.
- So for now. Uncle Miles.
- Yeah. I like that.
- It's got a pretty good ring to it.
I'll see you around. Lizard Queen.
Well. what do you
know? Miracles do happen.
It's been five long years.
but the wait is finally over.
Here's "Seaworthy". the title
track off a brand new album
from Circus Patrol on KTPW.
You're listening to
only the best radio
station in the universe.
- Okay.
Could you step on it. please?
Cut. That was
great. All right. Let's go.